Control Annotation Sublayer Visibility (#177)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-flutter-samples: lib/samples/control_annotation_sublayer_visibility/README.md

# Control annotation sublayer visibility

Use annotation sublayers to gain finer control of annotation layer subtypes.

![Image of control annotation sublayer visibility](control_annotation_sublayer_visibility.png)

## Use case

Annotation, which differs from labels by having a fixed place and size, is typically only relevant
at particular scales. Annotation sublayers allow for finer control of annotation by allowing
properties (like visibility in the map and legend) to be set and others to be read (like name) on
subtypes of an annotation layer.

> An annotation dataset which marks valves as "Opened" or "Closed", might be set to display the "
> Closed" valves over a broader range of scales than the "Opened" valves, if the "Closed" data is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An annotation dataset which marks valves as "Opened" or "Closed", might be set to display the "Closed" valves over a broader range of scales than the "Opened" valves, if the "Closed" data is
```

considered more relevant by the map's author. Regardless, the user can be given a manual option to
set visibility of annotation sublayers on and off, if required.

## How to use the sample

Start the sample and take note of the visibility of the annotation. Zoom in and out to see the
annotation turn on and off based on scale ranges set on the data.

> Use the checkboxes to manually set "Open" and "Closed" annotation sublayers visibility to on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the switches to manually set "Open" and "Closed" annotation sublayers visibility to on or off.
```

## How it works

> 1. Create a new `ArcGISMapView` with an `ArcGISMapViewController`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Since this step isn't in the design readme I don't think we need to include it (our comments in the code is sufficient). Note you'll need to amend the numbering accordingly.

2. Load a `MobileMapPackage` that contains `AnnotationSublayer`.

> 3. Get the sublayers from the map package's layers by calling `sublayer.subLayerContents`.
> 4. You can toggle the visibility of each sublayer manually using `sublayer.isVisible` property.
> 5. To determine if a sublayer is visible at the current scale of the `ArcGISMapView`,
>    use `sublayer.isVisibleAtScale(ArcGISMapViewController.scale)`, by passing in the map's current
>    scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the sublayers from the map package's layers by calling `Sublayer.subLayerContents`.
4. You can toggle the visibility of each sublayer manually using `Sublayer.isVisible` property.
5. To determine if a sublayer is visible at the current scale of the `ArcGISMapView`,
   use `Sublayer.isVisibleAtScale(ArcGISMapViewController.scale)`, by passing in the map's current
   scale.
```
This is a very minor thing and not incorrect as such, but for consistency we (Flutter) tend to use the Class name here rather than variable. There are some differences in these parts of the readme's between platforms.

Author: Thank you for pointing it out !

## Relevant API

* AnnotationLayer
* AnnotationSublayer
* LayerContent

## Offline data

> This sample
> uses [Gas Device Anno Mobile Map Package](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=b87307dcfb26411eb2e92e1627cb615b).
> It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online automatically before the sample runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses [Gas Device Anno Mobile Map Package](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=b87307dcfb26411eb2e92e1627cb615b).
It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online as part of the sample.
```

## About the data

The scale ranges were set by the map's author using ArcGIS Pro:

> * The "Open" annotation sublayer has its maximum scale set to 1:500 and its minimum scale set to 1:
>   2000.
> * The "Closed" annotation sublayer has no minimum or maximum scales set, so will be drawn at all
>   scales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "Open" annotation sublayer has its maximum scale set to 1:500 and its minimum scale set to 1:2000.
* The "Closed" annotation sublayer has no minimum or maximum scales set, so will be drawn at all scales.
```
